FF132 fetchpriority docs updates (#36142)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmllinkelement/fetchpriority/index.md

It reflects the [`fetchpriority`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link#fetchpriority) attribute of the corresponding {{htmlelement("link")}} element, for the allowed values.

The property allows a developer to signal that fetching a particular resource early in the loading process has more or less impact on user experience than a browser can reasonably infer when assigning an internal priority, in particular when preloading resources.
This in turn allows the browser to increase or decrease the priority, and potentially load the resource earlier or later than it would otherwise.
The property should be used sparingly, as excessive or incorrect prioritization can degrade performance.

Note that both the internal priority of any fetch operation, and the impact of `fetchPriority` on the priority, are entirely browser dependent.

## Value

A string representing the priority hint.
Possible values are:

- `high`
  - : Fetch the resource at a high priority relative to other resources of the same type and internal prioritization.
- `low`
  - : Fetch the resource at a low priority relative to other resources of the same type and internal prioritization.
- `auto`

>   - : No user preference for the fetch priority.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Don't set a preference for the fetch priority.
```

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

> The **`fetchPriority`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface represents a hint to the browser indicating how it should prioritize fetching a given resource relative to other

Author: FYI matches the pattern of the `HTMLImageElement.fetchPriority`. FYI @fred-wang @pmeenan - removes the focus on preloads since you can use this on other kinds of link elements than those.

> The **`fetchPriority`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface represents a hint to the browser indicating how it should prioritize fetching a given resource relative to other
> resources of the same type and internal prioritization.

Author: ```suggestion
The **`fetchPriority`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface represents a hint to the browser indicating how it should prioritize fetching a particular resource relative to other resources of the same type.
```

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}

The **`fetchPriority`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLLinkElement")}} interface represents a hint to the browser indicating how it should prioritize fetching a particular resource relative to other resources of the same type.
It reflects the [`fetchpriority`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/link#fetchpriority) attribute of the corresponding {{htmlelement("link")}} element.

The property allows a developer to signal that fetching a particular resource early in the loading process has more or less impact on user experience than a browser can reasonably infer when assigning an internal priority, in particular when preloading resources.
This in turn allows the browser to increase or decrease the priority, and potentially load the resource earlier or later than it would otherwise.
The property should be used sparingly, as excessive or incorrect prioritization can degrade performance.

The fetch priority can be used to complement [preloading](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preload), allowing a developer to boost the priority of a resource ahead of less-impactful resources that are by default preloaded with a higher priority.

> For example, if a particular image significantly contributes to the website's {{glossary("Largest contentful paint")}} (LCP) it might be set to be preloaded and with a high fetch priority.

Author: Yes, because the Link element is how you specify that you want to preload an image or other resource.
So for this context it is always going to be about another resource.

> For example, if a particular image significantly contributes to the website's {{glossary("Largest contentful paint")}} (LCP) it might be set to be preloaded and with a high fetch priority.

Author: Note, I do find the whole thing a little weird because you can specify the fetchpriority in both the link element and the image element, or in the link header. It isn't clear which you'd use. But if you are preloading, and that's the main reason to use Link, then you'd need this.

> For example, if a particular image significantly contributes to the website's {{glossary("Largest contentful paint")}} (LCP) it might be set to be preloaded and with a high fetch priority.

Reviewer: FWIW, in Chrome, these are all separate "resource loads" which get de-duped, not unlike multiple images on the same page (or multiple tabs) all referring to the same URL. There is already logic in place to merge the internal priority for multiple concurrent requests for the same resource (in Chrome, it just uses the highest priority of the grouped requests).

> For example, if a particular image significantly contributes to the website's {{glossary("Largest contentful paint")}} (LCP) it might be set to be preloaded and with a high fetch priority.

Author: Thanks @pmeenan . That is interesting and as I would expect. It does mean there is no need to provide a recommendation - users can provide the fetchpriority on a particular resource in any way they like  - on chrome that will be reduced to a single request priority, and logically that also has to happen in all other browsers. Covered by "behaviour is browser specific" though.
